hey how are you guys doing my name is
Shannon all away and I'm the head of
academic seared on the water
construction Academy and on behalf of
everybody from underwater
shikata me but thank you guys for
checking this video out she's got to
give you guys a brief description on
what to expect when you guys get here at
underwater construction academy um we
had fantastic instructor Mike fry God
spent many years in the field and I had
to drive and passion to do what I'm
doing and we've teamed up together to
start this academy to train you guys and
the most realistic training environment
as possible you guys are going to learn
the same same things you'll be learning
all the other schools as far as class
where it goes but will be separating
ourselves from the other schools once we
got once we get out in the field so look
forward to our projects look forward to
what you guys are we doing not only in
the classroom as far as learning but
really starting to learn once you guys
get out in the field and what we'd be
doing hands-on bar none is going to set
us apart from the other schools um real
quick so let you guys know our website
is www our destruction academy com check
it out post a comment on there also on
Facebook you can check us out Shannon
Holloway or you can find it an
underwater construction academy give us
a call 757 312 00 55 or give us a call
my personal cell 7-5 7-6 1366 10 I want
to get the word out to all you guys that
we're open we have a class we're
enrolling for August we got two guys
that are already signed up rated ready
to come aboard um you know pass the word
around you know along your friends and
let's make this thing happen and get
some real commercial divers trained out
there for the field and for the future
to come hey thank all you guys for again
for checking us out on here on YouTube
and when keep posting you guys some some
new videos when they come about showing
you the the school facility here the
waterfront and some of the area's we're
going to hit up and die that all right
thanks a lot you guys Shannon Holloway
underwater construction Academy talk to
you later
you